# E-commerce Client Project Self-assessment

This project took around 25 days of work. Unlike the past two projects ([E-commerce API](https://github.com/Pedro-Freddi/ecommerce-api) and [Reddit Pocket](https://github.com/Pedro-Freddi/reddit-pocket)), I did not plan much about this one before starting to build it. I kept the main goal in sight and was guided by a few high-level tasks outlined in the initial planning, but overall I tried to maintain a dynamic approach regarding some design decisions and the implementation's details. It resulted in some extra work, a few head-scratching episodes and draft code that ended up in the trash bin, but it was nice to feel a little more loose and not trying to follow a script that was planned in advance. This made it easier to test different approaches and to be honest with myself when I realized I took a wrong turn somewhere and revert a bad decision for a more optimal one. However I also missed having more direction, especially regarding style decisions, and I recognize that I had to do more refactoring than in the other projects.

In technical aspects, the implementation was a breeze. Before starting the project I took a few days to read through React's, Redux's and React Router's documentation and build an accurate mental mode of how they work. I chose to do this because I realized that in my first React/Redux project I faced some bugs and issues that could have been avoided if I knew on a deeper level what was going on behind the scenes in these libraries. Besides, I really like to study documentation so it was no torture for me, although I had to deal with the feeling of wanting to get something started quickly. In the end I can say that this choice really payed off because I faced very few bugs while building the project and I was able to keep a clear mental picture of what was going on at all times.

Overall this project was soothing to execute and I'm satisfied with the final product. I can see that I've come a long way when I remember what was going on in my head while trying to build my very first project. It's rewarding to see my insecurities and delusions being replaced with enthusiasm, curiosity and the will to keep on learning and evolving.
